DAN: Not long after we freed New Vestroia,
King Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought
with him the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
DAN: But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld and
transferred their powers to six Bakugan.
DAN: Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve into
more powerful versions of themselves.
DAN: The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands
and the stakes are high.
But we're ready to fight!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[all grunting]
DAN: Whoa. Is...
this the place?
MARUCHO: Yup.
This is my rooftop rose garden.
ACE: Yeah...
of course it is.
KATO: Master Marucho, welcome home.
KATO: Your friends have been anxiously awaiting
your arrival.
RUNO: You're heeeeerrre!
JULIE: Welcome back guys!
DAN: Hey guys.
Shun... you're back.
BARON: Master Shun, are you okay?
We were so worried.
RUNO: Shun ran into Lync on New Vestroia and now
Alice has been attacked.
DAN: Yeah, we heard.
That's why we rushed back.
SHUN: We should get inside and bring each other up to speed.
DAN: Let's go.
OPERATOR: King Zenoheld, sensors indicate a
Dimensional Gate has opened on Earth.
ZENOHELD: Hmmph.
I see the Brawlers haven't wasted any time.
Go Mylene.
And don't come back empty handed.
MYLENE: Yes sir.
I won't fail you.
LYNC: Neither will I...
The Brawlers are really gonna pay this time.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Earth Invaders
MARUCHO: It doesn't make any sense.
We all know the Vexos are after the attribute
energies the Six Ancient Warriors gave us.
SHUN: It's a trap, just like luring me to New
Vestroia was.
BARON: But why bring us all the way back here when
they could have kept fighting us on Vestal?
MIRA: Maybe the Vexos changed their strategy
when Spectra showed up again...
It was pretty clear when we saw Spectra and Volt
during our last battle, that they aren't allies anymore.
ACE: I wouldn't be surprised if Spectra had a hand in this.
ACE: I can't see the Vexos going to the trouble of
Dimensional Transport unless they had no choice.
MARUCHO: Maybe Spectra did something that forced them
to take the battle off of Vestal.
DRAGO: Whatever the case, the fact remains that our
enemies have come to Earth.
DAN: Drago's right.
Sitting here playing guessing games isn't helping us.
The Vexos are coming for us, so we've got to
prepare ourselves for some heavy duty battle
with those creeps.
RUNO: Maybe we shouldn't be so gung-ho to fight them.
I mean, what if we lose?
DAN: [shocked] What?
RUNO: They already have the Haos Energy, and they
came close to winning a couple others.
MIRA: Runo's right.
We have to be smart about this.
If they capture all the energies...
SHUN: ...then the Bakugan Termination System will
become fully operational...
SHUN: ...and all of the Bakugan that we fought so
hard to free...
...will be completely wiped out...
forever.
SHUN: I saw the horrible thing with my own eyes
when I was in New Vestroia.
SHUN: It's only partially functional...
but it's still turning the Bakugan into balls.
DRAGO: Oh no.
ACE: I can't believe it.
Just when they were finally free...
the Vexos better run when they see me coming.
RUNO: And that goes double for me, Ace...
I'm so mad!
JULIE: Don't worry, Runo.
We'll teach those Vexos a lesson.
DAN: Uh...
does that mean you guys are actually planning on Brawling?
JULIE: Well, it makes perfect sense...
Since Runo and I don't have any attribute
energies to lose we should be your first line of defense.
Then you guys can fight only when it's absolutely necessary.
TIGRERRA: I am ready to fight, m'lady.
GOREM: And I've got our back too!
WILLDA: No, it's far too dangerous.
BARON: Listen to Willda.
The Vexos are fighting with Mechanical Bakugan
and they're crazy powerful...
Not just any Bakugan can beat them.
RUNO: Are you saying that my Tigrerra and Gorem
aren't good enough to fight along side of you?
JULIE: You better take that back, Baron!
Right now!
BARON: Easy guys, that's not what I meant.
ACE: What Baron's saying is that we've already
fought the Mechanical Bakugan so we know what to expect.
PERCIVAL: Trust us.
Fighting one of them is serious business.
RUNO: Oh yeah?
Well messing with us is serious business too, Percival!
ELFIN: But we evolved and have superior strength.
PREYAS: So you're better than me?
ELFIN: I was better than you even before that!
PREYAS: You evolved into a jerk!
SHUN: You know, Runo may just have a point...
Battling the Vexos is too risky for us now.
MARUCHO: They'll be expecting us to come after them.
Maybe it's time for us to switch strategies too...
We should hide out for a while and spend our time
planning a sneak attack.
MIRA: Good idea...
we'll have the element of surprise on our side for once.
DAN: I dunno guys, it sounds to me like we'll be
a bunch of sitting ducks.
BARON: Yeah guys, what happens if they find us?
MARUCHO: Don't worry, everyone.
Leave that to me.
MARUCHO: I always plan for all possible scenarios,
so a while ago I found a way to create a barrier shield
using dimension wave technology.
DAN: A barrier shield?
MARUCHO: It's kind of complicated to explain how
it works so it's best if you try and imagine it as
an invisibility cloak.
As long as we stay in this house, the Vexos will
never be able to find us.
PREYAS: Nice one, Marucho!
ELFIN: You're such a smart cookie!
KATO: Sir... the button.
MARUCHO: Okay...
time to disappear.
MYLENE: This place is huge.
Finding the Brawlers won't be easy.
MYLENE: We should get started...
let's go.
[beeping]
LYNC: Hmmm... Whah? Wait a second!
MYLENE: What now.
LYNC: The Brawlers' signal just disappeared.
MYLENE: What?
LYNC: [sigh] So now what?
MYLENE: We should split up Lync...
Maybe we'll have better luck picking up their signal again.
MARUCHO: All systems are go!
Looks like the barrier shield is working.
SHUN: Nice job...
now we sit back and try and wait the Vexos out.
DAN: Uggggghhh...
exactly how long do we have to wait?
MARUCHO: I wouldn't be in a big rush to leave if I were you.
Sorry, Dan.
DAN: Huh?
ACE: Don't forget Spectra is after Drago's perfect
Core energy too Dan.
BARON: That's right Master Dan.
Don't forget...
if the Vexos followed us to Earth then Spectra
won't be far behind.
MARUCHO: The Vexos and Spectra...
Each of those guys is tough enough to fight on
their own, but if you've got both of them coming at
you all at once...
You and Drago can't leave.
DAN: Awww come on, man.
I came here to battle not bury my head in the sand.
DRAGO: There will be plenty of time for battle
later, Dan.
For now we wait.
JULIE: Come on, Dan.
Why the long face....We can have fun...
think of it as a big slumber party!
GOREM: Happy thoughts will help the time pass.
DAN: Alright...
I guess if I had to be stuck somewhere there are
worse places than Marucho's house.
JULIE: What'dya say, Dan.
Wanna head down to the bowling alley with us?
RUNO: Let's go!
TIGRERRA: There's no point in fighting them, Dan.
DAN: Okay, I'm in.
DAN: Hey... Mira, come with us.
MIRA: Um... well... uhhh...
MIRA: These next few days are sure
gonna be interesting.
PEOPLE: Wild Lines: - Wh is that woman?
- Why is she dressed so strangely?
- She's kind of scary looking.
MYLENE: I knew we'd attract attention here.
MYLENE: Hmmmm.
PEOPLE: - Whoa, what is she wearing?
- Is that a...
no it can't be.
- What an odd woman
MYLENE: I hope Lync was smart enough to know
he'd need a disguise too... huh?
LYNC: That'll be five dollars, please.
Thanks...
Here's your change.
Thanks very much.
Please come again.
LYNC: We appreciate your business.
Come out, come out wherever you are, Brawlers.
FEMALE CUSTOMER: Excuse me, sir.
LYNC: Yes, may I help you?
FEMALE CUSTOMER: I'm looking for some flowers
to take to a dinner party.
LYNC: Of course.
How much were you looking to spend, ma'am?
MYLENE: What on Earth is he doing? Goofball.
MYLENE: We're coming for you, Brawlers!
LYNC: You can run but you can't hide, Brawlers!
DAN: Man, I can't keep sitting around doing
nothing but eating.
DAN: This waiting is driving me crazy.
BARON: What's the plan Master Dan...
so are we gonna send Runo to battle the Vexos first,
or what?
RUNO: [gasp] I don't believe you Dan Kuso!
DAN: Runo, please...
Don't blow this way out of proportion, okay?
It's just that-
RUNO: -you think I'm a lousy Brawler!
Boy, you got some nerve.
MIRA: Huh? Runo?
MYLENE: We're never going to find them this way?
[beeping]
VOLT: It's their signal.
RUNO: I'll show Dan what a great Brawler I am... yup...
Those Vexos, they're not looking for me so they'll
never see me coming.
RUNO: Hmm?
RUNO: This looks like a good short-cut.
MIRA: Runo!
MIRA: What are you doing out here?
It's dangerous.
We should go.
RUNO: But I need to prove to Dan that I'm just as
good a Brawler as the rest of you.
Don't worry, Mira it's not like Tigrerra has an
attribute energy to lose or anything.
MIRA: Runo, you don't understand how serious
this is.
If the Vexos ever found you here it'd be bad.
LYNC: I spy with my little eye...
VOLT: ... something that starts with the letter M!
MYLENE: We've been looking all over for you Mira.
MIRA: Mylene! Lync!
LYNC: Hah!
RUNO: Are these guys...?
MIRA: They're Vexos!
LYNC: I think I'll be taking your Subterra Energy!
BOTH: Not so fast!
MIRA: Gauntlet...!
ALL: Power Strike!
RUNO: Gate Card, set!
RUNO: Bakugan...Brawl!
RUNO: Bakugan stand!
TIGRERRA: Haos Blade Tigrerra is here!
RUNO: Come and get us!
MYLENE: I like this one with the blue hair.
MYLENE: Bakugan stand!
MYLENE: Aquos Macubass!
RUNO: [frustrated]
MIRA: Oh no!
MYLENE: We're not fooling around this time...
I hope you're both prepared to lose.
MYLENE: Double Ability, activate!
MYLENE: Saber Barracuda!
Plus...
MYLENE: Mauser Barracuda!
TIGRERRA: [grunt]
MYLENE: Thanks for the points.
RUNO: Big deal.
You're not so tough!
GAUNTLET: Ability card, set.
RUNO: Ability activate!
RUNO: Hyper Velocity Fang!
TIGRERRA: [mighty roar]
TIGRERRA: [exertion]
TIGRERRA: With my claws I will shred anyone
who opposes me.
MYLENE: Hmmmph...
Gimme a break will ya.
MYLENE: Ability activate!
MYLENE: ABSIDS!
TIGRERRA: [grunt]
MYLENE: Shred that, pussy cat!
RUNO: Tigrerra!
MIRA: Bakugan Brawl!
Subterra Magma Willda!
MIRA: Bakugan Stand!
MIRA: Willda, fight!
WILLDA: [mighty roar]
LYNC: Hmmmph...
Looks like it's Mira's turn.
MIRA: Ability activate!
MIRA: Bygrock!
WILLDA: You Vexos will be sorry you challenged us.
MIRA: Runo!
Now's your chance to get Macubass!
RUNO: Gate Card, open!
RUNO: Haos Reactor!
RUNO: Tigrerra! Let's go!
TIGRERRA: My power...
TIGRERRA: ...is back stronger than ever!
[mighty roar]
TIGRERRA: Here...I...come!
TIGRERRA: [growl rising to roar]
MYLENE: Hmmmph...Ability activate!
MYLENE: Battle Composition!
TIGRERRA: [grunt]
WILLDA: Whoa!
GAUNTLET: Power level, decrease.
RUNO: No you don't!
Ability activate!
RUNO: Saber Glowcer!
TIGRERRA: [roar]
MYLENE: You think you're tough?
Ability activate!
MYLENE: Marina Cavitation!
RUNO: Where is he?
MYLENE: Don't worry about that, now...
Lync, time to bring out Aluze.
LYNC: Yeah, yeah.
LYNC: Time to bring the pain, my little friend.
LYNC: Bakugan Brawl!
LYNC: Bakugan Stand!
LYNC: Ventus Aluze!
MYLENE: Ability activate!
MYLENE: Indignation!
TIGRERRA: Huh?
WILLDA: [angry growl]
RUNO: What's... happening here?
Where are they?
MYLENE: [laughter]
You'll find out soon enough, Brawler.
WILLDA: Huh?
MYLENE: Fire!
TIGRERRA: Huh?
TIGRERRA: [grunt, exertion]
WILLDA: [grunt, exertion]
MIRA: Willda!
RUNO: [grunt] Don't worry, Mira.
I'll just nullify her ability...
Ability Activate!
Huh? What happened?
MYLENE: You look so confused Runo...
While my indignation is activated, it blocks you
from activating any of your abilities.
RUNO: Whah? Oh man!
TIGRERRA: [grunt]
RUNO: Tigrerra!
[screams]
[grunt]
RUNO: Thank you Tigrerra.
TIGRERRA: My pleasure, Runo.
WILLDA: Are you okay, Mira.
MIRA: Willda...
RUNO: [gasp]
TIGRERRA: [grunt]
WILLDA: [grunt]
RUNO: [screams]
MIRA: [grunt]
GAUNTLET: Runo and Mira, power level decrease.
RUNO: Tigrerra...
MIRA: They're tossing us around...
like a couple of old rag dolls.
MYLENE: [laughing]
MYLENE: We're just getting started, Brawlers.
MYLENE: Gate Card... set!
MYLENE: Macubass!
RUNO: I'm not going down again!
MIRA: Here we go...
Willda!
LYNC: Hey, I want in on this too!
[roar]
LYNC: Ability activate!
LYNC: Dora Cannon!
LYNC: That's what I like to see!
RUNO: Ability activate!
RUNO: Metal Fang!
RUNO: We're right behind ya!
MIRA: Ability activate!
MIRA: Atlas Shield!
WILLDA: [roar]
MYLENE: Go! Macubass!
MIRA: Whoa. Watch out!
MYLENE: Ability activate!
MYLENE: Moby Killer!
WILLDA: [grunt]
LYNC: Nice one, Mylene...
Now it's my turn.
LYNC: Ability activate!
LYNC: Sling Boomerang!
WILLDA: [grunts]
TIGRERRA: [grunt]
RUNO: Gosh. They're good...
But I'm not giving up yet!
MIRA: Ability activate!
MIRA: Volcanic Smoke!
WILLDA: Here I come!
MYLENE: Uh oh.
This will block their vision.
LYNC: I can't see anything.
LYNC: And why is Aluze's power dropping?
TIGRERRA: Peek-a-boo!
RUNO: Go... Tigrerra!
RUNO: Ability activate!
TIGRERRA: Hyper Velocity Fang!
GAUNTLET: Lync Life force 30%
[scream]
MIRA: Ability activate!
MIRA: Gallows Punch!
WILLDA: Try this on for size!
WILLDA: Haaahhhhh!
WILLDA: Haaahhhh!
WILLDA: Huuuunhhhhh!
MYLENE: You sneaky little...
okay...
Gate Card open!
Aquos Reactor!
RUNO: [screams]
LYNC: Come on...
Are you trying to drown me too, Mylene?
MYLENE: Quit being such a baby, Lync.
MYLENE: Ability activate!
MYLENE: Blue Morbus!
TIGRERRA: [grunt]
RUNO: Oh no.
I can't touch the bottom anymore.
MYLENE: Well, well.
It looks like the tough little Brawlers are all
washed up.
MIRA: Don't be...
so sure...
Ability activate!
MIRA: Land Minder!
WILLDA: I'm solid as a rock!
LYNC: What?
Did they really just make their own island!
RUNO: [loud sigh]
MYLENE: Okay, I admit that was impressive...
Ability activate!
MYLENE: Tsunami Hydrer!
RUNO: [gasp]
MIRA: Ability activate!
Atlas Shield!
WILLDA: Don't worry, I'll protect you!
MYLENE: Ability, activate!
MYLENE: Moby Killer!
TIGRERRA: Willda! Look out! Runo!
RUNO: Ability activate!
RUNO: Hyper Velocity Fang!
TIGRERRA: [grunt]
GAUNTLET: Power level decrease.
TIGRERRA: [exertion] Runo I'm sorry.
RUNO: Tigrerra!
GAUNTLET: Runo Life Force, zero.
MIRA: Ability activate!
Land Twister!
WILLDA: I will avenge you Tigrerra!
MYLENE: What's this?
LYNC: Macubass is all tied up!
MIRA: Say goodnight!
MYLENE: Don't get ahead of yourself!
MIRA: Ability activate!
MIRA: Ares Ball!
WILLDA: Attribute energy, give me strength!
MYLENE: Ability activate!
MYLENE: ABSIDS TR 2!
WILLDA: [low growl rising] Haaaaaaaahhhh!
MIRA: [gasp]
WILLDA: [grunt]
GAUNTLET: Mira Life Force, zero.
WILLDA: Ahhhhhhhhhhh!
MIRA: [coughing]
RUNO: Are you okay, Mira?
MIRA: No... I'm not okay.
MIRA: Willda...
MIRA: They've already taken the Subterra
Attribute energy from Willda.
RUNO: Oh no...
now they have two out of the six.
WILLDA: I'm sorry, Mira.
TIGRERRA: I'm the one who should be sorry, Willda.
RUNO: Both of you stop it...
It's my fault for wandering off on my own.
LYNC: Yeah...
I guess you deserve the credit this time, but I'll
be the one taking home the win next time.
MYLENE: Whatever, little man.
LYNC: There's only four attribute energies
left to get now.
LYNC: Get ready to lose...
Battle Brawlers!
MIRA: We can't lose again...
we have to do what it takes...
to protect the remaining energies.
MARUCHO: Hey guys, its Marucho here.
Elfin and Preyas got up to their old tricks again,
only this time, Elfin decided to runaway from home.
What was she thinking?
I swear those two make me crazy sometimes.
MARUCHO: It didn't take long for the Vexos to come
after Elfin, but luckily we found her in time to
swoop in and rescue her.
Boy was that some heavy brawling action.
My head is still spinning.
MARUCHO: You guys should really tune in to check out
the action for yourself.
You've gotta see it to believe it.
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bad kitty! No!